Hello, 

There's an inconsistency on import for the Assign Projection with a surface. It's like the scaling is not applied correctly
until the Assign Projection dialog is confirmed - but it is applied correctly afterwards, without making any actual changes to 
the parameters. 


I've attached 1 GeoTIFF file and a Manifold .map project. 

The Antarctica.map project has a single drawing in it, "Antarctica Drawing" and these steps illustrate a problem with 
the automatic Assign Projection that is applied to a surface on import. 

1. Open Antarctica.map
2. File/Import/Surface/TIF - import the file "laea_grid.tif"
3. Create a new Map, and include only the surface "laea_grid" in it
4. Open the map, and drag the "Antarctica Drawing" into it. See that the scale is not correct, the Antarctica drawing is
much too big relative to the laea_grid data (the surface is just a "mask", with a value for "land" and a value for "not land")
5. Open Assign Projection on the laea_grid surface and click OK. The map is now correct. 

Cheers, Mike. 




Hello, 

I've attached versions of a polygon drawing of Antarctica in MIF and SHP format, in Longitude/Latitude and two polar projections. 

When importing the MIF files the Stereographic projection is not applied, though the Lambert Azimuthal Equal Area and parameters is fine. With the shapefiles the projected drawings don't get the correct details from the .prj. 

Specific problems: 

1) antarctica_laea.shp - the LambertAzimuthal Equal Area projection is correctly chosen, but the Center Longitude and Center Latitude are still defaults, they should be 147 and -90 respectively. 

2) antarctica_stere.shp - there's no application of the Stereographic projection at all, it's in the default Orthographic

3) antarctica_stere.mif - there's no application of the Stereographic projection at all, it's in the default Orthographic



Please investigate and add the right PRJ interpretation to Manifold to fix problems 1) and 2). 

If it's a Manifold read problem with 3) please add that too. I believe the problem in MIF for 3) may be a limitation of that format, since the metadata doesn't round trip through GDAL anyway. 


Cheers, Mike. 


